README.md, before:

# About Me

## Name

My name is Max Romano, and I am currently a student at Raritan Valley Community College majoring in math, computer science, and IT.

## Badges

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/2c468082-ac79-4f58-bb2e-e14e7c145a8d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/about-me-maxro2005/deploys)

## Description

This website was a semester long project for Web Development I. The goal was to, with no prior web development knowledge or experience necessary, create a basic but complete website all about ourselves. Each week, we would learn something new and apply it to this project. Here is an outline of what was done each week:

1. GitHub profile was set up.
2. Incredibly simple "Hello World" local website was created.
3. First iteration of About Me website was created, including BOB and avatar. This was our introduction to HTML.
4. About Me website was set up on GitHub and Netlify.
5. First CSS was added. The color scheme was also selected.
6. Hobbies, Gallery, and Lit sections were created. The Lit section contained an excerpt from Sherlock Holmes. These sections demonstrated our understanding of the box model.
7. Website was made responsive.
8. Midterm week; no project updates
9. Video section was added. This section demonstrated our ability to use embedded media.
10. Contact form was created. This section demonstrated our ability to use forms.
11. Navigation bar was created.
12. README file was fleshed out.
13. Nothing because I was busy doing final assignments for other courses.

## Color Scheme

As we learned in the fifth week of this course, a very important part of developing a good website is choosing a good color scheme. Here are the major colors that were used in this project:

- #EBE800: This color was used for the background of the website.
- #5A2899: This color was the main font color and was also used for the dropcaps and contact submit button border.
- #9453E5: This color was the main border color and was also used for the background of the hero and footer as well as the form legend and button backgrounds.
- White: I used white for the color of the text inside darker elements for better contrast.

## Citations

BOB - https://assets.codepen.io/385852/logo-96X96.svg

## License

©2022 - Max Romano

Commit message:

Bio and Hobbies sections fleshed out. Still need to add picture

README.md, after:

# About Me

## Name

My name is Max Romano, and I am currently a student at Raritan Valley Community College majoring in math, computer science, and IT.

## Badges

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/2c468082-ac79-4f58-bb2e-e14e7c145a8d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/about-me-maxro2005/deploys)

## Description

This website was a semester long project for Web Development I. The goal was to, with no prior web development knowledge or experience necessary, create a basic but complete website all about ourselves. Each week, we would learn something new and apply it to this project. Here is an outline of what was done each week:

1. GitHub profile was set up.
2. Incredibly simple "Hello World" local website was created.
3. First iteration of About Me website was created, including BOB and avatar. This was our introduction to HTML.
4. About Me website was set up on GitHub and Netlify.
5. First CSS was added. The color scheme was also selected.
6. Hobbies, Gallery, and Lit sections were created. The Lit section contained an excerpt from Sherlock Holmes. These sections demonstrated our understanding of the box model.
7. Website was made responsive.
8. Midterm week; no project updates
9. Video section was added. This section demonstrated our ability to use embedded media.
10. Contact form was created. This section demonstrated our ability to use forms.
11. Navigation bar was created.
12. README file was fleshed out.
13. Nothing because I was busy doing final assignments for other courses.
14. Logo to replace BOB was created. Bio and Hobbies sections were fleshed out.

## Color Scheme

As we learned in the fifth week of this course, a very important part of developing a good website is choosing a good color scheme. Here are the major colors that were used in this project:

- #EBE800: This color was used for the background of the website.
- #5A2899: This color was the main font color and was also used for the dropcaps and contact submit button border.
- #9453E5: This color was the main border color and was also used for the background of the hero and footer as well as the form legend and button backgrounds.
- White: I used white for the color of the text inside darker elements for better contrast.

## Citations



## License

©2022 - Max Romano
